♪ Name that song ♪
♪ Name that song challenge ♪
-My opponent tonight is
an award-winning musician
and a coach
on NBC's "The Voice."
Give it up for Blake Shelton!
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Hello!
-Wow, wow!
-How you doing, man?
-Really coming in hot.
-Thank you.
-Wow, wow.
[ Laughs ]
Yes, I appreciate that.
-Let's hug now.
-Let's hug now, exactly.
-Hug now.
-You coming in hot, man.
You came in like
you're ready to win this game.
-Mm-hmm.
-Here's how the game works.
The Roots are going to start
playing a song,
one instrument at a time.
Blake and I can buzz in and
guess as soon we know the song.
-One instrument at a time?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
[ Laughter ]
-That's not the tricky part
of the game, yeah.
Blake and I can buzz in
and guess as soon as we know
the song.
-What if it's just you?
We can't --
-Yeah.
-This is bull crap.
-What are you talking about?
You can guess it by the beat.
-Why is your game so stupid?
Go ahead.
[ Laughter ]
-If you guess wrong, the other
person gets a chance to steal.
Play along at home.
Roots, let's hear
the first song.
-We're going.
Here we go.
-Whenever you're ready.
Good to see you, Blake.
-What are you doing?
-This is my stance.
-All you got to do
is hit the button.
-No, no.
I'm in the button stance.
[ Drums playing ]
[ Bass guitar plays ]
[ Electric guitar plays ]
[ Beep ]
-Is that the Doobie Brothers?
-No, of course it's not.
-Damn it!
[ Beep ]
[ Laughter ]
-That is "Jolene"
by Dolly Parton!
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Am I disqualified?
-♪ Jolene, Jolene,
Jolene, Jolene ♪
Oh, yeah!
I love that song!
[ Cheers ]
Yeah, you should listen to some
Dolly Parton, she's a legend.
-I don't know why
I come to this show.
-This is fantastic.
Let's keep playing the game.
Please, I miss
Johnny Carson so badly.
-This is great.
This is fantastic.
[ Laughter ]
Thank you, buddy.
[ Drums playing ]
[ Beep ]
"Tainted Love"?
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Give me a break.
- ♪ Sometimes I feel
I've got to ♪
♪ Run away, I've got to ♪
♪ Get away ♪
♪ You don't really want
anymore from me ♪
♪ Something ♪
It's called Soft Cell.
-♪ Whoa, oh, oh ♪
-Yeah, it's called Soft Cell.
You should check them out.
They're legends.
[ Laughter ]
-There is no way you guys are
satisfied with this.
-This is fantastic.
-My God, man.
-I know you know that song.
-Oh, my God.
-This is so much fun.
I love having you on, dude.
[ Laughter ]
Let's hear the next song.
[ Guitar chord ]
[ Beep ]
"Desire", U2?
-No.
-Thank God!
I get the point?
-No, no.
You get the chance to steal.
Oh, I know it!
[ Beep ]
You've got to guess it.
-I'm taking my time.
[ Beep ]
"In the Air Tonight."
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-My God.
They played the song!
That wasn't even hard.
You're clapping too loud
and it's scaring me.
[ Laughter ]
They basically played the whole
song for you, basically.
Besides Phil not being here,
that's the only thing that was
missing in that.
Okay, let's hear --
-Man, you're so competitive.
Look at you.
You're getting defensive.
-I'm in the zone.
-You're getting defensive.
-No, you're trying to get in my
head and I'm not going
to let it happen.
-Oh, my God.
-All right,
this is March Madness.
-I mean, you had your
right foot forward earlier
when you were winning.
There you go.
[ Laughter ]
Here we go.
Don't think about it.
-Ready?
-I feel like
Adam Levine right now.
[ Drums playing ]
[ Beep ]
-"On the Road Again,"
Willie Nelson.
[ Buzzer ]
-Ooh!
-Come on!
-Wait, it basically was
that same backbeat,
but you buzzed in too soon.
Ready?
-Ready?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
[ Drums playing ]
-♪ On the road again ♪
It is, too!
Yes, it is!
-It's not --
-This is bull crap!
-No, he's not done!
Let him play the song!
[ Drums playing ]
[ Bass guitar playing ]
-Oh.
[ Beep ]
"Hard to Handle."
-Yeah, "Devil Went Down to
Georgia," Charlie Daniels.
-Oh, was it?
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
You played "Hard to Handle,"
and he played frickin'
"On the Road Again."
-Hey, come on, hey.
Calm down.
-That was "Hard to Handle"!
[ Mimicking guitar riff ]
Yes, this is bull crap!
-All right, hey.
Come on.
Here we go.
This is great.
It's a close game.
You're doing my stance!
All right.
Here we go.
Let's hear the next song.
Yeah!
[ Laughter ]
-Why do I do this show?
All I wanted to do was sing
my song and leave.
[ Laughter ]
-I'm just so happy you're here.
[ Keyboard plays ]
[ Laughter ]
-Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What's that?
[ Guitar plays ]
[ Drum plays ]
[ Audience shouting ]
[ Beep ]
-Was I supposed to know that?
-Stop, stop, stop.
No, no.
All I know is that Blake is
in a lot of trouble right now.
[ Laughter ]
I had no idea.
I swear.
-Bull crap!
-I had no idea.
-Yes, you did!
That is "Hollaback Girl."
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-That's why you got
the tuba out.
-Oh, my gosh.
You are -- you are
in so much trouble, dude.
You are in so much trouble,
I don't even know
what to tell you.
Oh, my God.
We could edit it out
and have you say it.
-I came to this show
to promote my album
and I am losing everything!
[ Laughter ]
Everything in my life!
[ Laughter and applause ]
-Losing everything in my life.
All right.
-Jeez.
-Here we go.
-Can we do Seth Meyers
next time, so his show?
[ Laughter ]
-You ready?
-Yes.
-How many is that?
It's over, isn't it?
-No, it's very close.
It's, like, 15-1 or something.
[ Guitar plays ]
[ Drum plays ]
-Oh, it's that trick again.
[ Band plays ]
[ Beep ]
I just saw that
you were about to push.
That's Johnny Cash.
Is that Johnny Cash?
-It's Johnny Cash, right?
[ Ding ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank y'all. Thank you
Thank you guys.
Thank you.
Thank y'all.
-This final song
is worth 10,000 points.
-Oh.
-So it's anyone's game.
-Okay.
-Whoever gets this,
wins the whole game.
-Ready?
-Don't play my
girlfriend's songs, man.
It screws me up.
[ Laughter ]
-One --
[ Guitar plays ]
[ Beep ]
-American --
It's not, "American Girl."
Sorry.
[ Buzzer ]
-Oh!
-I thought it was --
-Do it again.
-Let me just listen
for a little while here.
[ Laughter ]
[ Guitar plays ]
[ Drum plays ]
[ Band plays ]
[ Beep ]
Oh, no, no.
You're not gonna take that.
You don't get that.
You're out.
You're out!
[ Beep ]
Did it push?
Yes!
-Make the sound!
[ Beep ]
"Footloose."
-Oh, my gosh!
[ Ding ]
Winner!
[ Cheers and applause ]
The winner,
Blake Shelton, everybody!